## Avers App Template

This project serves as a template for new web applications written using the
[Avers][avers] framework.



### Important files and directories

 - **src/app.ts**: Defines the main application data structures an functions
   which modify them. The most important is `App`, which is instantiated during
   startup and holds all application state. Within `App` there is `Data`, which
   holds all non-UI related data (Avers objects, collections, static and
   ephemeral objects and all other data that you need to keep track of).

 - **src/main.ts**: This file exports the bootstrap function which is used to
   start the application. It creates an instance of the `App` class, and
   registers route handlers. If you have many routes feel free to move them
   into a separate file. Any other one-time initialization which you want
   to do eagerly should be done here.

 - **src/storage.ts**: Definitions of Avers objects which are managed by the Avers
   Handle. Keep this file independent of any UI related code (in particular,
   DOM APIs).

 - **src/views.tsx**: UI rendering code. Uses TSX (JSX with TypeScript type
   annotations). If this file becomes too long you can split it up into smaller
   chunks.

 - **src/ext/\***: TypeScript declaration files for external libraries and DOM
   APIs which are not included in TypeScript.

 - **src/lib/\***: External libraries which you want to build into the main
   bundle. If you want to include some libraries in the index.html file directly
   then put them into the assets/ folder.

 - **assets/\***: Static assets (HTML, font files, css, external libraries,
   images etc).



### Configuration

To support multiple environments (local, production etc) the main bundle is
compiled against a generated config file (src/config.ts). The config file is
generated by script/confgen from fragments stored in the config/ directory.
Pass all desired fragments to the confgen scripts:

```
script/confgen local some-other-fragment
```

The contents of **src/config.ts** are loaded into the config object which
is exported from the **src/app.ts** file. You can import that config in all
parts of your application.

```javascript
import {config} from './app';
console.log(config.apiHost);
```


[avers]: https://github.com/wereHamster/avers
